Q1. Implement an algorithm for determining if an Nth is a divisor of an n Number (i.e. 2 is a divisor of 6). If so, determine if it’s an even number or odd number as well.

START
ASK the user to enter the number
ASK the user to enter the divisor
SET remainder to (number % divisor)
IF the remainder is equal to zero THEN 
  DISPLAY "It is a divisor"
  IF (remainder % 2) is equal to 0 THEN
    DISPLAY "It is an even number
  ELSE
    DISPLAY "It is an odd number"
ELSE
  DISPLAY "It is not a divisor"
END



Q2. Implement an algorithm where the user enters a number and an appropriate month is displayed.

Start the program
Ask the user to enter a number between 1 and 12
If the number is 1 then display "January"
Otherwise, if the number is 2 then display "February"
Otherwise, if the number is 3 then display "March"
Otherwise, if the number is 4 then display "April"
Otherwise, if the number is 5 then display "May"
Otherwise, if the number is 6 then display "June"
Otherwise, if the number is 7 then display "July"
Otherwise, if the number is 8 then display "August"
Otherwise, if the number is 9 then display "September"
Otherwise, if the number is 10 then display "October"
Otherwise, if the number is 11 then display "November"
Otherwise, if the number is 12 then display "December"
Otherwise, display "Invalid number"
End the program.


Q3. Implement an algorithm for making a simple calculator with all the operators (+,-,*,/,%).

Start the program
Display "Select 1 for Addition, 2 for Subtraction, 3 for Multiplication, 4 for Division"
Ask the user to choose a number for the operation they would like to perform.
If the number is not between 1 and 4 then display "Invalid Selection" and end the program
Otherwise, Ask the user to enter the first number (a) and the second number (b)
If the user chose 1 for operation then set c to (a + b) and display c.
Otherwise, if the user chose 2 for operation then set c to (a - b) and display c.
Otherwise, if the user chose 3 for operation then set c to (a * b) and display c.
Otherwise, if the user chose 4 for operation then check if b = 0.
If it is then Display "Undefined." 
Otherwise set c to (a / b) and display c.
End the program.
